README.md, before:

# Todo-x Serverless application

This is my capstone project to graduate at Cloud Developer Nanodegree. The project consists to implement a TODO application using AWS Lambda and Serverless framework.

# Functionality of the application

This application will allow creating/removing/updating/fetching TODO items. Each TODO item can optionally have an attachment image. Each user only has access to TODO items that he/she has created.

# TODO items

The application should store TODO items, and each TODO item contains the following fields:

- `todoId` (string) - a unique id for an item
- `createdAt` (string) - date and time when an item was created
- `name` (string) - name of a TODO item (e.g. "Change a light bulb")
- `dueDate` (string) - date and time by which an item should be completed
- `done` (boolean) - true if an item was completed, false otherwise
- `attachmentUrl` (string) (optional) - a URL pointing to an image attached to a TODO item

All functions were implementend and connected to appropriate events from API Gateway.

The user must authenticate via Auth0 service.

The images are stored in S3 bucket and data in DynamoDB.

# Frontend

The `client` folder contains a web application that uses the API developed.

This frontend works with our serverless application. You don't need to make any changes to the code. The only file that you need to edit is the `config.ts` file in the `client` folder. This file configures your client application just as it was done in the course and contains an API endpoint and Auth0 configuration:

```ts
const apiId = '...' API Gateway id
export const apiEndpoint = `https://${apiId}.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/dev`

export const authConfig = {
  domain: '...',    // Domain from Auth0
  clientId: '...',  // Client id from an Auth0 application
  callbackUrl: 'http://localhost:3000/callback'
}
```

# How to run the application

## Backend

To deploy an application run the following commands:

```
cd backend
npm install
sls deploy -v
```

## Frontend

To run a client application first edit the `client/src/config.ts` file to set correct parameters. And then run the following commands:

```
cd client
npm install
npm run start
```

This should start a development server with the React application that will interact with the serverless TODO application.

Commit message:

Integration tests with serverless.test.yml

README.md, after:

# Todo-x Serverless application

This is my capstone project to graduate at Cloud Developer Nanodegree. The project consists to implement a TODO application using AWS Lambda and Serverless framework.

# Functionality of the application

This application will allow creating/removing/updating/fetching TODO items. Each TODO item can optionally have an attachment image. Each user only has access to TODO items that he/she has created.

# TODO items

The application should store TODO items, and each TODO item contains the following fields:

- `todoId` (string) - a unique id for an item
- `createdAt` (string) - date and time when an item was created
- `name` (string) - name of a TODO item (e.g. "Change a light bulb")
- `dueDate` (string) - date and time by which an item should be completed
- `done` (boolean) - true if an item was completed, false otherwise
- `attachmentUrl` (string) (optional) - a URL pointing to an image attached to a TODO item

All functions were implementend and connected to appropriate events from API Gateway.

The user must authenticate via Auth0 service.

The images are stored in S3 bucket and data in DynamoDB.

# Frontend

The `client` folder contains a web application that uses the API developed.

This frontend works with our serverless application. You don't need to make any changes to the code. The only file that you need to edit is the `config.ts` file in the `client` folder. This file configures your client application just as it was done in the course and contains an API endpoint and Auth0 configuration:

```ts
const apiId = '...' API Gateway id
export const apiEndpoint = `https://${apiId}.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/dev`

export const authConfig = {
  domain: '...',    // Domain from Auth0
  clientId: '...',  // Client id from an Auth0 application
  callbackUrl: 'http://localhost:3000/callback'
}
```

# How to run the application

## Backend

To deploy an application run the following commands:

```
cd backend
npm install
sls deploy -v
```

You can also run integration tests with

```
sls test
```

## Frontend

To run a client application first edit the `client/src/config.ts` file to set correct parameters. And then run the following commands:

```
cd client
npm install
npm run start
```

This should start a development server with the React application that will interact with the serverless TODO application.
